docs: explain how to specify which npm version Renovate bot uses (#8559)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/node.md

This way, it is applied to all Node.js-related files.

For additional language support see the [`supportPolicy` documentation](/configuration-options/#supportpolicy).

## Configuring which version of npm Renovate uses

> There is no configuration option to tell Renovate to use the npm version that comes pre-installed with Node.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `binarySource=docker`, such as in the hosted WhiteSource Renovate App, Renovate will choose and install an `npm` version dynamically.

```

> You must use the `engines.npm` property in your `package.json` file to specify which major version of npm your project supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control which version or constraint is installed, you should use the `engines.npm` property in your `package.json` file.
```

> Renovate bot will then use that version of npm when it creates a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate bot will then use that version constraint for npm when it creates a pull request.
```

> In your `package.json` file create a `engines` key-value pair and specify which major version of npm your project works with.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, if you want to use at least npm `6.14.11` and also allow newer versions of npm in the `6.x` range, you would put this in your `package.json` file:

```json
{
  "engines": {
    "npm": "^6.14.11"
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

There is not currently any way to tell Renovate "just use whichever npm version comes default with Node.js".
```

Author: I think something went wrong here?

I think we do need the ending ``` characters or the code highlight block won't work?

Author: I'm sorry but I really don't understand what your suggesting here.
I think the GitHub interface is displaying your comment wrong?
